document in memory WAL (#24)
tremor-rs/tremor-www-docs: docs/artefacts/operators.md

**Configuration options**:

- `read_count` - Maximum number of events that are read form the WAL at one time.

> - `dir` - Directory to store the WAL-file in (optional, if omitted the wall will in memory and not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dir` - Directory to store the WAL-file in (optional, if omitted the WAL will remain in memory and not be
```
